
DHANUSH J
 9398263767
 workofdhanu@gmail.com
 SOFTWARE DEVELOPER
 3-85/3 , Gandhi Nagar st , Nagari
 Andhra pradesh , 517590.
 SUMMARY
 Software Developer with a strong proficiency in frontend technologies, including HTML,
 CSS, JavaScript, ReactJS, Material UI, Bootstrap, and jQuery. Backed by solid skills in
 backend development with Node.js, Express.js, and a deep understanding of database
 management using MySQL. Known for creating responsive and visually appealing web
 applications that enhance user engagement. Adept at collaborating with teams to deliver
 high-quality projects and passionate about staying current with industry trends and best
 practices. Ready to contribute my technical expertise to drive the success of your projects
 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
 7vachan Service Pvt Ltd     |     April/2023 - Currnent
 Frontend Software Developer
 Developed and maintained various reusable components to ensure a consistent look and
 feel across the application.
 Managed nested routes, route parameters, and query strings for a seamless user
 experience.
 Managed form state and validations with React Hook Form for lightweight and
 performant form handling.
 Leveraged React Hooks like useEffect and useState to manage component side effects
 and state in functional components.
 Frontend Software Developer – Mobile Application Development
 Developed and maintained a React Native application using Expo for seamless cross
platform functionality .
 Implemented efficient navigation using React Navigation, managing stack, tab, and
 drawer navigators for smooth user experience.
 Worked with Firebase and third-party SDKs to implement real-time data
 synchronization, push notifications, and authentication.
 Isometrica Experiences Pvt ltd     |     Feb/2022 - Mar/2023
 Full Stack Software Developer  
Contributed to the development of web application by writing clean and maintainable
 code using a combination of front-end (HTML, CSS, JavaScript , ReactJs , Bootstrap) and
 back-end  ( Node.js, Express.js) technologies.
Designed and implemented new features and functionalities, enhancing the overall user
 experience and adding value to the application
 Assisted in database management tasks, including data modeling, querying, and
 optimizing database performance.
 EDUCATION
 S V University , Tirupati
 SRDC College Affiliated
 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science
 2018 – 2021
 XII Pre Degree , Nagari
 MPC
 2018 – 2016
 SKILLS
 Programming Languages: JavaScript (ES6+)
 Front-End: HTML5, CSS3, React.js, 
React Native, Expo
 Back-End: Node.js, Express.js,Typescript
 Databases: MySQL
 Version Control: Git, GitHub
 Tools: Visual Studio Code, Postman
 Other: RESTful APIs, Responsive Design, 
Material Ui ,Bootstrap,Ajax,Jquery 
PERSONAL STRENGTH
 Positive thinking 
Open to any challenging work
 Good learner by observation 
Task completor
 Time management
 LANGUAGES
 English
 Tamil
 Telugu
 I hereby declare that all the details mentioned above are in accordance with the truth and
 fact as per my knowledge and I hold the responsibility for the correctness of the above
mentioned particulars